you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey there its Lucky
Penny shop and it's the going places
eight cookie cutters from Wilton Sesame
Street had its best
you gotta love cookies and Sesame Street
especially with Cookie Monster around
there of course this is Jim Henson
productions and there's a nice copyright
printed on the bottom of the plastic
here let me see if I can get that in
there for you
it says 1990 Wilton floats an older
product pretty neat so the lid says
cookies cookies right on the top and
there's eight different cookie cutters
there's also the insert with the recipe
to make the rollout cookies and there's
the other sets that are available the
alphabet the letters and then shapes
children's eight to Z did you get that
recipe okay so what do we have
let's get back well here this color
picture is pretty neat it shows Prairie
dawn up there Grover Elmo Oscar Bert and
Ernie Cookie Monster and Big Bird there
you go hey Bert
hey hurry Bert Bert in here yes Bert in
the fire truck pretty neat so they're
even decorated on the other side so you
can see both sides yes there is Prairie
dawn that was in the balloon yep and
then we have Oscar and the blast-off
pretty neat and then we have Ernie in
the car and then we have it was Grover
no Elmo in the boat where was Grover and
then the plane was Grover see Grover on
there he's so happy to be flying the
plane
and then big birds on the bike
and the last one is the Cookie Monster
on the train pretty neat
choo-choo well guess what folks we
decided it was worth the time and the
taste buds to actually make the cookies
for each of the different presses so
let's see where's our Oscar I don't know
if you could see this it says blast-off
and yes they are scrumptious cookie so
we took that recipe we made it and we
got quite a few cookies out of them
there's that prairie dog mmm I could eat
one right now so we follow the
directions they did say to flower quite
a bit and here's the big bird this is
the one we had the hardest time with
with big bird's head there but it's
there see you see the shape and then yes
the Grover in the plane does it look
scrumptious
it sure does let's see they're crispy
here's the elmo in the boat so I like
them a little crispy around the edges so
that's the way I made I'm I don't want
to break his head off or anything like
that how cool is that so there you go
not only are we showing you the cookie
cutters were strengthening cookies that
we made with them mmm all right I got to
eat one I'll tell you what I'm gonna
need Big Bird's head right here watch
this mmm so good well there you go we do
appreciate you watching our videos it's
Lucky Penny shop later thanks for
watching our video